# 📄🐍 `template-python`
Repository template with preset **GitHub** workflows and rules for a **Python** project in **Beyonder Solutions**.

## Outline

### 📄 `judge_settings.toml`
Default [judge](https://github.com/BeyonderSolutions/judge) settings for a **Fuego** project.
#### `flake8` settings
- Ignores the following `flake8` rules:
  - `W503`: _Line break occurred before a binary operator._

### 📄 `.gitignore`
The provided `.gitignore` file ignores unnecessary file in a traditional **Python** project:
- Virtual environments (`venv*/` directories).
- Environmental variables (`.env` files).
- `__pycache__` files.
- Files generated by generating distributions (`build/`, `dist/`, etc.).
- etc.
>The source of this part of the `.gitignore` comes from the [official GitHub `Python.gitignore`](https://github.com/github/gitignore/blob/main/Python.gitignore).

It also ignores a few other files which are common within a **Beyonder Solutions** development environment.
- Virtual environments (`wenv*/` directories).
- [judge](https://github.com/BeyonderSolutions/judge) reports (`judge_report.md`).
- An `_ignore/` directory at root level.
- Hidden `.temp/` directories.

### GitHub Workflows

#### [Judge](https://github.com/BeyonderSolutions/judge) Report



### GitHub Rules
>⚠️ The following rules will not be copied when forking this repository and must be configured manually on the new resulting repository. The rules set on this repository are for mere reference.
- Requires an administrator to approve merges to the `main` and `development` branches.
    - Using the following `fnmatch` match case: `[md][ae][iv]*[nt]`
